Protocol in update lsp config (#1610)
disneystreaming/smithy4s: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixes an issue in which union members targetting Unit would fail to compile when used as traits (see [#1600](https://github.com/disneystreaming/smithy4s/pull/1600)).
* Make the `transform` method in generated `*Gen` algebras final. This should make it possible to derive e.g. `FunctorK` instances in cats-tagless automatically (see [#1588](https://github.com/disneystreaming/smithy4s/pull/1588)).
* Fixes commons.toKebabCase() sometimes drops the first letter (see [#1603](https://github.com/disneystreaming/smithy4s/pull/1603)).

> * Added com.disneystreaming.smithy4s:smithy4s-protocol dependency to mill LSP plugin (see [#1610](https://github.com/disneystreaming/smithy4s/pull/1610)).

Reviewer: **issue:** it's not just Mill, the sbt plugin also benefits from this.

it's not exactly the LSP plugin either, just the codegen plugin. How about:

```suggestion
* Addes `com.disneystreaming.smithy4s:smithy4s-protocol dependency` to the generation of `smithy-build.json` in the `smithy4sUpdateLspConfig` tasks of the codegen plugins (see [#1610](https://github.com/disneystreaming/smithy4s/pull/1610)).
```

also, we'll need a new patch version - 0.18.25 is out.

Reviewer: unresolving because of the 0.18.25 thing, just so that we don't forget

Author: I've pushed a merge with the latest of series/0.18
